---
keywords: fastai
title: Agile Methodology Diagram
toc: true
badges: true
comments: true
categories: [markdown]
nb_path: _notebooks/2022-09-25-Scrum.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2022-09-25-Scrum.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<p>{% include image.html height="805" max-width="654" file="/JeongWooLee/images/copied_from_nb/Agile Methodology Diagram2.png" %}</p>
<h2 id="PBL-vocabulary"><font color="pink">PBL vocabulary</font><a class="anchor-link" href="#PBL-vocabulary"> </a></h2><ul>
<li>Agile Methodology: a way to manage a project by breaking it up into several phases</li>
<li>Scrum board: a tool that helps Teams make Sprint Backlog items visible</li>
<li>Sprint: period of time that Team uses to plan work and execute work</li>
<li>DevOps: combination of cultural philosophies, practices, and tools that increases an team’s ability to deliver applications and services at high velocity</li>
<li>frontend developer: who creates websites and applications using web languages such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript that allow users to access and interact with the site or app</li>
<li>backend developer: who builds and maintains the technology that powers those components which, together, enable the user-facing side of the website to even exist in the first place</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="7-Important-Transferable-Skills"><font color="pink">7 Important Transferable Skills</font><a class="anchor-link" href="#7-Important-Transferable-Skills"> </a></h2><ol>
<li>Creativity: Creativity in education and workplace, in many cases, presents itself in terms of how you approach tasks and solve problems</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>Conceptualize problems and solutions</li>
<li>Display foresight</li>
<li>Make connections</li>
<li>Make intelligent inferences</li>
<li>Synthesize ideas and data</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li>Critical thinking: critical thinking skills enable the discovery of deficiencies that could cause less than optimal results</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>take a step back and look at things more critically</li>
<li>head off problems before critical thinkers arise</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li>Communication: Effective communication is the crux of everything you do.</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>Verbal skills</li>
<li>Listening skills</li>
<li>Writing skills</li>
<li>Technological communication skills</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li>Collaboration through Leadership: Leadership skills generally encompass communication, problem-solving and managing conflict, relationship building and being able to get people on your team on board with a mission or project</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>Delegating responsibility</li>
<li>Demonstrating effective time management</li>
<li>Initiating new ideas</li>
<li>Major decision-making</li>
<li>Managing conflict</li>
<li>Managing groups</li>
<li>Multitasking</li>
<li>Teaching and mentoring</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li>Collaboration: Teamwork — a sense of community — elevates spirits and improves productivity</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>Accepting responsibility</li>
<li>Making and implementing decisions</li>
<li>Managing time wisely</li>
<li>Meeting both short- and long-term goals</li>
<li>Organizing</li>
<li>Setting and meeting deadlines</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li>Research: Research is a key part of the lifecycle: changing plans, fluctuating results, and roadblocks require research before anyone can take action</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>Analyzing information</li>
<li>Brainstorming solutions</li>
<li>Delineating needs and requirements</li>
<li>Extracting information from data</li>
<li>Gathering information</li>
<li>Forecasting possible roadblocks</li>
<li>Setting goals</li>
<li>Solving problems</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li>Technical: Try to stay current with the many technical advancements on your project</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>Being easy to work with</li>
<li>Quick to learn</li>
<li>Glad to learn</li>
<li>Failing and always willing to try new things</li>
<li>Willing to open new doors in case of a drastic oversight</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="12-principles">12 principles<a class="anchor-link" href="#12-principles"> </a></h2><ol>
<li>Our highest priority is to satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software.</li>
<li>Welcome changing requirements, even late in development. Agile processes harness change for the customer’s competitive advantage.</li>
<li>Deliver working software frequently, from a couple of weeks to a couple of months, with a preference to the shorter timescale.</li>
<li>Business people and developers must work together daily throughout the project.</li>
<li>Build projects around motivated individuals. Give them the environment and support they need, and trust them to get the job done.</li>
<li>The most efficient and effective method of conveying information to and within a development team is face-to-face conversation.</li>
<li>Working software is the primary measure of progress.</li>
<li>Agile processes promote sustainable development. The sponsors, developers, and users should be able to maintain a constant pace indefinitely.</li>
<li>Continuous attention to technical excellence and good design enhances agility.</li>
<li>Simplicity–the art of maximizing the amount of work not done–is essential.</li>
<li>The best architectures, requirements, and designs emerge from self-organizing teams.</li>
<li>At regular intervals, the team reflects on how to become more effective, then tunes and adjusts its behavior accordingly.</li>
</ol>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

