---
title: 5.1 and 5.2 blog
toc: true
badges: true
comments: true
permalink: /5.1and5.2/
categories: [Notes_from_video, Assignment]
layout: post
---
## Notes from 5.1
- Not every effect of computing innovation is anticipated in advance.
- Single effects can be viewed as both beneficial and harmful by different people or even by the same person. ex) you can think Wii is great, but sometimes it is dangerous.
- People create computing innovations.
    - Even though 3D printer can make itself, someone has to make original 3D printer. Also, human have to put the parts together which are made by 3D printer.
- Advances in computing have generated and increased creativity in other fields such as medicine, engineering, communications, and the arts
### Example of beneficial and harmful effects
- Multirotor
    - benefit: Deliveries, finding people, aerial photography is easy
    - harmful: privacy concerns, flying some zone is illegal and dangerous
- Wii controller 
    - benefit: make people active due to playing video games
    - harmful: Broken TV's injuries

### Internet
- Benefits 
    - Easy to communicate with people in a far distance
    - They can share their information quickly and securely 
- harmful
    - People have a less sleep because of internet
        - Dopamine feedback loops
        - Sleep deprivation, depression, anxiety, impulsivity
- Computing innovation can be used in ways that their creators had not originally intended.
- Responsible programers try to consider the unintended ways their computing innovation can be used and the potential beneficial and harmful effects of these new uses

### Microtransactions
- benefits
    - Free game/apps
- harmful
    - cosmetics, paywall to functionality, sometimes pay-to-win
    - gold, v-bucks, coins, chips, SBUX
    - lead to overpaying because they didn't how much they use in the games

- Some of the ways computing innovations can be used may have a harmful impact on society, economy, or culture
- It is not possible for a programmer to consider all the ways a computing innovation can be used.
- Rapid sharing of a program or running a program with a large number of users can result in significant impacts beyond the intended purpose or control of the programmer

### Digital divide
The digital divide refers to differing access to computing devices and the internet, based on socioeconomic, geographic, or demographic characteristics
- Socioeconomic: how much money comes into the household per year
- Geographic: if you live where there is not many people, the ISPs will not provide high speed internet to your home.
- Demographic includes:
    - age: If you are little older and have no cellphone or any access, it doesn't matter to you
    - religion: when your friend live in a long distance and don't have computers and cars, but they still live and do things
#### Country
- Computers are not common in rural areas.
- In some countries, only few people can use the internet.
- The internet is used to protect and advocate the government
- There is high level of surveillance on the internet to protect the government
- The digital divide can only affect both groups and individuals.
- The digital divide raises issues of equity, access, and influence, both globally and locally.
- The digital divide is affected by the actions of individuals, organizations, and governments

## Benefits
- You can decide what exercises you do at the gym. What you think in your mind and what you write can lead to different results. I also put off the things I think in my heart, but if I write down what I have to do in a notebook, I feel more motivated to do it.
- Our project can know what situation the user is in now. The biggest problem with exercise is that you still think you're okay. If you know your weight and realize the seriousness of it, you can motivate yourself to exercise.
- In our project, there are tips on what kind of exercise to do. Users can easily manage their health by exercising while referring to these tips.

## Harmful
- The downside of these sites is that each person's characteristics are different. Some people need a lot of exercise and some people shouldn't. However, since the site is based on ordinary people, few people can refer to the contents of this site.
- Another downside is that the site has no way of verifying that the user has exercised. For example, if you say you're going to do some exercise but don't do it because you don't have enough time, it becomes a habit and you don't exercise more and more.
- On the contrary, seeing your weight can make you feel stressed and overeat. Original truth is cruel.

## What are pros/cons on internet blockers at router and lack of admin password on lab machines at school?
### Internet block
Internet blockers make students more focused in class. Since you can't do anything with a computer, you have nothing to do but study. The downside of internet blockers is that they reduce what you can do. In this day and age, a lot of things go back to the internet. If you don't have internet, you won't be able to watch the videos or Kahoot you need for class.
### Lack of admin password
Teachers can easily get into their accounts. If the password is long and complex, it takes time to write and it is difficult to memorize it. However, it is easy to expose your password. In particular, when exposed to students, many problems arise.

## What concerns do you have personally about the digital divide? For yourself or for others
If the information gap between countries occurs, joint projects with other countries become impossible. For example, Europe has great difficulties in developing spacecraft because the units they use are different. But sometimes the information gap is good. As the information society becomes more advanced, the greater the information gap, the farther the difference between developed and underdeveloped countries becomes.

## Talk about dopamine issues above. Real? Parent conspiracy? Anything that is impacting your personal study and success in High School?
The dopamine problem originated in World of Warcraft. He gave up on his school grades and his health because he was so immersed in the game. Games make people focus on games and make them happy. This would definitely be a plus for the game. However, if you become too addicted to the game, it can harm your life. This is probably the downside of the game. I also really like games, but in the old days, I played games with my friends, even ruining my school grades. As a result, my middle school grades have some b's. So it seems that I have distanced myself a little from my parents.
